This article will help you access/log in to the user interface or the settings page of your NETGEAR router.

If you are unable to log into your router:
Connect a computer and a router directly with an Ethernet cable, putting an end in one of the router LAN ports. Check that both ends are secure.
Check the Internet LED is lit. If it is not, troubleshoot the light status, as explained in the manual.
Check that the LEDs for the ports with cables are lit. If they are not, try moving the cable to a different port. If there are still no lights, then troubleshoot the light status, as explained in the manual.
Check that the LED on the Ethernet adapter is lit. If it is not, then troubleshoot the adapter (do not continue with the following steps).
If the Ethernet adapter was not made by NETGEAR, contact the adapter's manufacturer.
Select Start > Run. Type cmd. Type ping 192.168.1.1.
If message "Request timed out," displays, type ping 192.168.0.1.
If the message persists, your computer is not making a connection to the router.
Otherwise, your computer is connected to the router:
Ensure proxies are not enabled. If using Internet Explorer, select Tools > Internet Options > Connections > LAN Settings. Uncheck "Use a proxy server for your LAN....".
Delete offline content. Select Tools > Internet Options > Delete Files.
Select Delete all offline content, and click OK. (This is to clear any possible previous router log on page.)
Try accessing with a different computer or with a different browser.
Delete cookies.
WARNING: Do not do this if the websites you visit need cookie information such as your logins and passwords.
Power off the router, and power it back on again.
If you still cannot log on to the router, visit How do I login to my NETGEAR home router?
Check the computer's IP address and DHCP. The IP should be in the 192.168.0.x range, and DHCP should be enabled. Visit What is the IP address of my NETGEAR router?
If you still cannot log on, visit Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings
